[Chore] Add ECR lifecycle policy rules to keep at least 1 images on important branch (#172)
dbl-works/terraform: ecr/README.md

  project = local.project

  # Optional

>   mutable = false # Keep mutable to false for protected tags to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  mutable = false # Set mutable to true for protected tags to work
```

  # Optional
  mutable = false
  valid_days = 3

>   protected_tags = ["latest-master", "latest-production"] # will keep at least 1 of this tag

Reviewer: nit pick

```suggestion
  protected_tags = ["latest-main", "latest-production"] # will keep at least 1 of this tag
```

Reviewer: do we need to document, that `mutable` **must** be `true` for protected tags to work?
